Updated Porch doc pages to add some details around function pod evaluation by function runner (#239)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/porch/package-orchestration.md

choice of KRM API for the Package Orchestration service do not apply. The function runner is an internal microservice,
an implementation detail not exposed to external callers. This makes GRPC perfectly suitable.

The function runner also maintains cache of functions to support low latency function evaluation. It achieves it through

> two mechanisms available to it for evaluation of a function

Reviewer: Might be nice to split the 2 mechs out to their own paragraph/block

* Executable Evaluation approach executes the function within the Pod runtime through shell based invocation of function 
  binary; for which function binaries are bundled inside the function runner image itself
* For a function not available via Executable Evaluation approach, Pod Evaluation approach is utilized wherein

>   function runner pod starts the function pod corresponding to invoked function along with a frontend service. Once 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  function runner pod starts the function pod corresponding to invoked function along with a front-end service. Once the
```

>   pod and service are up and running, its exposed GRPC endpoint is invoked for function evaluation passing the input 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pod and service are up and running, it's exposed GRPC endpoint is invoked for function evaluation, passing the input 
```

  package. For this mechanism, function runner reads the list of functions and their images supplied via a config

>   file at its startup and spawns function pods along with its corresponding frontend service for each configured function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  file at startup, and spawns function pods, along with a corresponding front-end service for each configured function.
```

>   These function pod/services are terminated after pre-configured period of inactivity by function runner and recreated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These function pods/services are terminated after a pre-configured period of inactivity (default 30 minutes) by the function runner, and recreated
```

>   on-demand on next invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on the next invocation.
```
